Here's a breakdown of the website design, followed by a quick description of
the purpose/contents of each page.

Essentially, every page viewed is index.php; index.php contains the logo at
the top of the page and the left sidebar of links, and what it includes as the
page contents is decided by the "page" parameter. For example, the users list
page is users/users.php, but the link to this page is index.php?page=users.
This was my solution to having top/side bars without code duplication, but it
is a terrible, terrible plan. By all means change this to something more
sensible.

What that means is, when you create a new page, you have to add it to the list
of pages handled by index.php; if it is a main page, add it to the sidebar also
in index.php; and when you link to a page, use the index.php?page=PAGE link
rather than the direct link.



403.php
404.php
    Really basic 403/404 pages, which shouldn't really ever be seen.
about.php
    A paragraph with info about the band; the "About" sidebar link.
bugreport.php
    A form which allows logged-in users to send a comment by email to the
    site maintainer.
index.php
    Master page (as described above).
jointheband.php
    A form which allows anyone to send an email, along with their return
    email address, to the warriorsband account.

admin/
    adminpanel.php
        A form with fields/buttons to perform various administrator-only tasks,
        like changing the frontpage photo. Submits to admin/adminpanel-exec.php
    adminpanel-exec.php
        Receives a form and performs the appropriate admin action.

albums/
    album-functions.php
        Contains a few helper functions for recursively removing directories
        and for resizing images.
    albumlist.php
        A page which lists all photo albums in a grid with preview images. 
    album.php
        Displays a photo from an album, or previous of the entire album if no
        photo ID is specified.
    deletealbum-exec.php
        Page which processes requests to delete an album.
    upload-exec.php
        Page which processes album upload requests.
    upload.php
        A form for submitting a ZIP file and title/description to
        upload-exec.php in order to upload an album.

auth/
    auth-functions.php
        Contains functions which sanitize inputs, and functions which decide
        whether a user has permission to perform a given task. If you want to
        change what kind of user is allowed to perform a given task, you likely
        can just make a simple change here.
    auth.php
        Redirects to the login page if the user is not logged in. If a page is
        to be for logged-in users only, it should include this page so that
        users will be properly redirected.
    changepass.php
        A simple form with a "change password" prompt, which posts to
        users/profile-exec.php.
    login-exec.php
        Receives a login form and attempts to log in a user, redirecting to a
        specified page if successful.
    login.php
        Login page which posts to login-exec.php
    logout.php
        Ends a session if it exists and redirects to the homepage.
    timeout.php
        Ends a session if it has been inactive for the amount of time
        specified in config/config.php. This page is included in index.php
        such that it is run every time the user loads a page.

config/
    config.php
        Contains all kinds of configuration settings for the site in general.
        Pages which require any of this info include this page.
    config.txt
        config.php contains the login details for the band account; thus it's
        a bad idea to post that publicly on github! This file is a copy of
        config.php with the login details omitted, and THIS one is submitted to
        github while config.php is not. REMEMBER TO UPDATE THIS FILE, otherwise
        you could lose config file changes!
    database.php
        Connects to the database. Must be included by any page which uses the
        database.
    database.txt
        Similarly to config.php, this is the file included in the repository
        so that database login information is not publicly available
    display.php
        A big collection of functions for printing messages. Any message which
        is not an unexpected error should be made into a function here, so
        that message content can be easily modified.
    style.css
        Formatting style for the site.

events/
    deleteevent-exec.php
        Page which processes requests to delete events.
    event-exec.php
        Validates and processes requests to create/update events.
    event.php
        If an event is specified, this displays event details, in an editable
        way if the user has edit permissions. If no event is specified, this
        page provides a form for creating a new event.
    eventresponse-exec.php
        Processes attendance responses to events.
    eventresponses.php
        Lists all the responses to a given event.
    events.php
        Lists all band events in table form.

history/
    annotated.php
    halifax.php
    history.php
    olympics.php
    playboy.php
    queen.php
        Various pages containing band history content.

images/
    band_photo.jpg
    logo.png
    uw_crest.png
    albums/
        Directory in which photo albums go
    history/
        Photos for the history pages

users/
    deleteuser-exec.php
        Page which processes requests to delete a user.
    passwordreset-exec.php
        Page which processes requests (made by an admin user) to reset another
        user's password.
    profile-exec.php
        Receives a profile update request and attempts to process it.
    profile.php
        Displays the profile of the request user (the parts which the viewer
        is allowed to view). Allows users with appropriate permissions to edit
        the profile, by posting to profile-exec.php.
    register-exec.php
        Processes requests to register a new user. If successful, this will
        create a new account and send the recipient an email with their
        temporary password.
    register.php
        Page which allows exec/admin users to register a new member. Posts to
        register-exec.php.
    users.php
        Displays a list of all users, with links to their profiles.
